What are your plans?
This 100,000 knife is not a small amount
I'm going to sell clothes to raise money
Buy the iron pillar knife after raising the money
Hum a joke
100,000 at least 2 million knife
Wait until you sell clothes to raise money
I'm afraid it will take hundreds of years.
Not for hundreds of years
Just tomorrow.
If you can get 2 million tomorrow
I can be your own son
Ok, it's a deal, hum
Caiyun
How much is the difference?
Now we only have 130,000 two
Still missing
1.87 million two
Really can't
Just sell this work uniform.
Why buy princess clothes?
Sold where do we live
You have the nerve to say
It's not to raise money for you
Raise money for me
Don't you want to buy raw casting knives with money?
Our princess sold everything she could
Now only this princess dress is left
Princess, I didn't expect you to be so kind to me.
Princess, he is not worth it at all
Let me slash him
One hundred and one
The princess doesn't actually need to sell this work dress
200 cars.
It's easy to earn.
And I've been selling this for 300,000 years
I can do the rest
What kind of clothes do you sell?
You can make 300,000
What is this?
Eagle